I’m a student from India keen to learn about Java and want to become a Java Developer, especially for Software Development.
 Since the quality of education in our college is not up to the mark and these days my college is not teaching much about Java,
 the only way to get a viable career option as a Java Developer in the future for me is to take this course. I already completed
 the previous course that I have taken with 95 % marks on Spring Framework.  Since I am a student and our college does not permit 
 part-time job, I would not be able to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. Financial Aid will help me take
 this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. I am really excited about this course since it presents me with
 a great opportunity to grow my present skills and become a professional as I graduate in the same or prospective fields with a great resume.
 Coursera has been a great platform among my peers and following them I am very excited about this course here!


Software Development is a field in high demand, I want to complete the Object-Oriented Programming in Java Specialization 
course So that I can get enough experience in Software Development and that will help me boost my present knowledge and gain
 some more knowledge that I was missing. This course will also boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. 
 It will help perform better in carrying out Software Development and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate 
 will attach credibility to the certificate that I receive from this course will help me stand out in front of the recruiters.
 I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. As written above,
 Coursera has been not only suggested by my student peers but also our college faculty, and so following their prestigious advice,
 I would be glad to gain more knowledge and hone my skills with this course. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, 
 which I think will supplement my learning. I also plan to grade assignments which are peer-reviewed which I did in my previous course.
 I believe this will be an invaluable learning opportunity



As I have answered before, having no permanent source of income, I really don't see any way of advancing and paying for my course.